[creaking]
[clicking]
[theme music playing]
WOO YOUNG-WOO
[clinks]
[whale calls]
[train rumbles]
[beeping]
[clacking]
[Myeong-jin] And here's
what Happiness Road will look like
as it passes Sodeok-dong.
[Hyeon-u] The fact that they planned
a route like this
means that they want us to leave our town.
Splitting apart the town,
so each part is isolated.
[Myeong-seok] This town is so beautiful.
[Han-su] But the people who live there
are more beautiful than the land.
Our only option is…
-What is it?
-A trial, a trial.
A lawsuit to revoke
the zone choice for Happiness Road!
[Han-su] Whoa, that's right.
We wanna do exactly that.
[Su-yeon] Atty. Tae Su-mi is here?
[Min-woo] Why did the king come herself?
[Young-woo] "King"?
Why are you reading about her?
I wanna be impressive,
just like Tae Su-mi.
[Su-yeon] From what I see,
Jun-ho has feelings for you.
If you're not sure,
why not try a little bit of touching?
With your permission, I would like
to see whether I like you or not.
Then is touching me
the only way you can check?
When you gave my daughter a chance,
was Tae Su-mi the reason?
[Min-woo] How does Hanbada's CEO
know your father?
Wait. So you do have connections.
[Young-woo]
Dad, was I employed fraudulently?
Young-woo!
[suspenseful music playing]
CASE 8
A TALE ABOUT SODEOK-DONG II
[crackling]
[bright music playing]
[clonks]
[Geu-ra-mi] You slept okay?
[chiming music playing]
I didn't. I was not comfortable
because I was somewhere I'm not used to.
Yeah, I could tell.
You were grinding your teeth.
[percussive music playing]
Huh?
[Geu-ra-mi sighs]
Here's your Geu-ra-mi gimbap, ma'am.
We hope you enjoy it.
[grunts]
Just leave it.
[Young-woo hums hesitatingly]
You didn't put ham or spinach, did you?
No burdock root either?
You're welcome to add
some burdock root yourself.
Show some gratitude.
Geu-ra-mi gimbaps are great.
[sucks teeth]
Hmm.
Thanks for making breakfast.
[munches]
-Yummy?
-Yeah, I like it.
Tastes a little weird.
It does.
It tastes weird in a good way.
[chuckles]
[laughter]
Are you mad at your dad?
Mm…
-I'm not.
-You're not?
[munches]
Even though he kicked you out?
I left. That was my decision.
Right. I get that.
You decided to leave your house.
Why did you, though?
It's time for me to move out.
I'm an adult now.
You can afford that?
[cheeky music playing]
[elevator dings]
[man 1] Did you see that post?
[man 2] It's an anonymous post.
[man 3] That's her.
[indistinct chatter]
-[man 4] Oh, there she is.
-[man 5] Oh, my god!
That's about her, right?
[woman] "Fraudulent hiring rep"?
Can you believe it?
[Min-woo]
Fraud in Hanbada's hiring practices.
I recently found out
that a new attorney was hired at Hanbada
in a fraudulent way.
Unlike other new recruits,
this attorney was hired individually
once Hanbada's recruitment plan was over.
She did not take part
in the onboarding program either.
How could that happen?
Could this have something
to do with the fact
that the father of this attorney
and Hanbada's managing partner
went to college together?
If her father hadn't asked
such a shocking favor,
would this new attorney
be working for Hanbada now?
If positions can be obtained
based on kinship with senior executives,
how can this firm claim
to foster fair and equitable treatment?
Seeing that someone can become
an attorney at Hanbada through networking
truly makes me feel
like I've been fooled for all these years.
I sacrificed my youth
to get this position.
[scoffs]
[knocks on door]
Come in.
[door closes]
Are you okay? Or is your firm
still robbing you of your youth?
What?
That anonymous post
about Atty. Woo online,
are you gonna pretend it wasn't you?
[clears throat]
[knocks on door]
[Myeong-seok] Come in.
[door closes]
All right, let's, uh, get started
on our morning meeting.
[knocks on door]
[door opens]
Uh, what a pleasant surprise
to have you join us.
Oh, stay seated, attorneys.
Sit down. Please.
I was informed that the opposing attorney
is Tae Su-mi on this case.
[Myeong-seok] Uh, yes.
Gyeonghae-do's Happiness Road
is the motive of this lawsuit,
so we're opposing its construction.
Sodeok-dong's residents
hired us to represent them.
And how's the case going?
[sucks teeth]
Uh, we're running into difficulties.
It's hard to find
a great alternative to their project
with a better route than the current one,
yet this construction's illegal,
according to what we found.
The construction is illegal?
Gyeonghae-do had a Strategic
Environmental Assessment done
a few months past their provided window.
But they did it, right?
Mm-hmm. Yes.
[inhales]
The argument that
it is illegal is weak, then,
because it's just
a matter of technicality.
It is a clerical error
and does not have bearing
on the root itself.
And the construction,
is the work going forward?
Yes. Our request to have them suspended
is still pending approval,
so the road construction continues.
Well, it looks like we're losing.
[Myeong-seok clicks tongue]
Uh, yeah, uh, it's a challenging case.
We knew that from day one
when we met this client.
Uh, you may find that slightly unusual.
But Sodeok-dong is a charming town
filled with many delightful residents.
[Myeong-seok] Uh, the judges
will be on-site in a few days,
so this could be a good opportunity
for us to strike a chord
and hopefully convince them.
So you're pulling
on their emotions, is that right?
-Yes.
-Mm…
That seems…
like a very naive approach.
And, honestly, we can't just be looking
at the world with rose-colored glasses,
so I'd like you to try
finding a more business-driven
approach to this case.
[Seon-young] Be less idealistic.
Do you have suggestions
for a more business-driven approach?
Hanbada's in good terms
with many journalists.
Is there anyone we can reach out
to give media coverage to this case?
If this lawsuit
becomes a David versus Goliath situation
in terms of public opinion, that could
put some pressure on the judges.
They may feel uncomfortable
approving Gyeonghae-do's project.
[hums in agreement]
It may sound unorthodox.
Yet, sometimes, it does pay off.
An anonymous bulletin board post
can also trigger emotions,
even if it's just gossip
that's completely baseless.
Don't you agree?
[Myeong-seok] Uh, yeah.
[lips smack]
I mean, let's win this.
Sorry?
Let's never lose
against Tae Su-mi's client.
Oh, yes.
[tense music playing]
[door opens]
Have you seen this?
[Young-woo]
"Fraud in Hanbada's hiring process."
Hmm…
What's this?
An attack.
-Huh?
-This is about you.
It's a post accusing you
of being recruited in a fraudulent way.
Mm, and how can you tell it's about me?
Because only you joined the firm
once the recruitment process was over.
Everyone's been gossiping
about this post all morning.
You didn't notice people were weird?
Mm?
It's all…
correct, actually.
My dad and the CEO
did go to college together.
And I…
was hired as a favor.
[emotional music playing]
[Su-yeon scoffs]
Um…
Students got the best scores
in law school like you
worked as interns for the top law firms
and were recruited before graduating!
You are the best!
When you applied
and then didn't get a job anywhere,
everyone knew then
that it was discrimination.
Yet everyone stayed quiet
because of their own selfish interests.
And I'm guilty too.
That's because they all knew
I'm also autistic.
[voice loudens]
Exactly!
Discriminating the disabled is illegal!
That they rejected you proves
it's a dishonest, corrupt practice.
[Su-yeon] How you got here doesn't matter.
You deserve to be hired
even after everyone else!
You should know.
I'm pretty sure Atty. Kwon wrote this.
So if you ever get him alone,
just slap him like that!
Or maybe just hit him in the stomach.
But I don't want to commit a crime.
You can't allow people
to disrespect you like that.
And don't worry about being hired
as a favor either!
Like the CEO told us,
let's focus on more business stuff, right?
Not on being idealistic, all right?
[hums uncomfortably]
-[thumps]
-[gasps]
[emotional music playing]
-[Han-su] You spoke with them, right?
-[Hyeon-u] Yeah, yeah, yeah.
-We're too punctual.
-Yeah, you're right.
[Han-su] What a nightmare.
[Hyeon-u] I know.
-If they show up soon--
-Wait, I think that's the car. Look!
-There they are!
-Yeah, here they are.
[Han-su] Stop here.
I've got it. Here
-Here, allow me.
-I'll cover you. Here.
-Good morning, Attorney.
-Welcome. Welcome back.
-[Hyeon-u] It just had to rain today.
-[Han-su] You need a hand?
-Thanks for coming.
-Welcome back.
[Hyeon-u] Thank you so much.
[sighs]
[Han-su] Unbelievable!
What terrible weather!
[vehicle approaching]
[tense music playing]
TAESAN LAW FIRM
Where are the Hanbada umbrellas?
That will make us look more professional.
We have them. Just a moment.
[upbeat music playing]
[lawyer 1] Uh, what does
Jeongui Ilbo TV doing here?
[lawyer 2] Hanbada must have called them.
They have a good relationship.
Let's just say that they have friends
when it comes to news coverage.
Nice try.
Unfortunately, today's not their day.
OFFICIAL DUTY
[serious music playing]
Uh, good morning, Your Honor.
How was the ride?
You must be exhausted from this long trip.
I sure am.
We drove for hours.
Wow! And on top of it,
it's really coming down.
[chiming music playing]
Now show him.
Just take him around your town
like you did with us before.
Okay.
Welcome, Your Honor.
This is our town.
[Han-su] That road over there
that has red flags on it, that's the…
-What's the name again?
-Happiness Road.
[Han-su] That's the route
for Happiness Road that is planned.
They go right through a residential area.
So when the road work begins,
all the people living here
will be forced out of their homes.
How about we walk along that route?
Yes! We can do that.
That's why I came here anyway.
[serious music playing]
[clonking]
[Han-su] Heung-min! Heung-min!
[Myeong-seok] Your Honor,
the residents of Sodeok-dong
actually call each other
by their nicknames.
The man who owns this house
is good at soccer,
so they call him Son Heung-min.
Hi, Mr. Kim. Good to see you.
[Han-su] Hey, Heung-min.
I've brought the judge. Go ahead.
Hey, no more Heung-min jokes.
This is serious stuff, man.
Sorry. Welcome to our town.
[Jeong-hwan] I'm Kim Jeong-hwan.
Heung-min, what?
[Su-mi] Mr. Kim accepted
the Land Acquisition and Compensation
Plan that Gyeonghae-do offered him.
Here is the consent form
that Mr. Kim signed.
[Hyeon-u] What? What is that?
Heung-min sits
on the Residents' Association Board.
What do you mean he took the compensation?
Calm down. She's right.
I signed their form already.
-How could you?
-Hang on!
Gyeonghae-do's attorneys
knocked on my door and told me
that the compensation might increase.
The new offer might be
twice as much, actually.
That's why, uh, I agreed to that.
Heung-min, why did you sign
their form without telling us?
Simply because it
was pointless to tell you
because you wouldn't get it, would you?
[Jeong-hwan] I mean, you guys
are very wealthy, you know.
How could you possibly understand
why a higher compensation,
even just a bit more is appealing?
They'll take our land anyway.
Oh, you know what?
Others agreed to it too. Jang-hoon.
Look! He's coming!
He signed the consent form too.
Jang-hoon too? Jang-hoon signed it too?
[yells]
Hey!
[Hyeon-u] Jang-hoon!
Did you consent?
[gate clanks close]
[clonks]
Hey!
[Han-su] Jang-hoon, wait!
Yes, Mr. Jang also accepted
the Land Acquisition and Compensation Plan
that Gyeonghae-do offered.
Uh, if Gyeonghae-do has decided
to increase the compensation they offered,
they should have informed
the Residents' Association
in the first place.
It's an unfair practice to go
prospect each household
and get them to sign consent forms.
The decision to raise the compensation
has yet to be confirmed.
Gyeonghae-do wanted
to consult the residents
to find out how many households
would agree to their plan
with an increase in compensation.
These consent forms
are a tool used to strategize.
Then this raises a major problem.
[Myeong-seok] What you're doing here
is feeling out the residents
without even committing
to increase their compensation.
You're luring them.
Your Honor, these new consent forms
are a tool from the defendant.
They're designed to divide the residents.
Sodeok-dong's mayor,
he is manipulating the residents.
[Su-mi] It's almost impossible
for his constituents to speak up.
We used the consent forms for a reason.
It's a way to express their intentions
free from the mayor's consistent pressure.
Bu… but no! What?
[Hyeon-u] What's that?
The mayor manipulates the residents?
What is that supposed to mean, Your Honor?
The people here aren't afraid to speak up.
Out of Sodeok-dong's total residents,
over two-thirds of the people
have signed the consent forms
for compensation.
Just in the past 15 days,
343 households approved of this.
[Su-mi] That's out of 488 households.
Doesn't this reflect
the residents' true intentions?
I am submitting these agreements
as evidence, Your Honor.
Those consent forms only state
that if Gyeonghae-do
increase their compensation,
then the residents might be interested.
As of now, they haven't confirmed
any new amount, Your Honor.
These consent forms
don't reflect any true intention.
All right, let's all calm down one second.
Our only goal is on-site verification.
Submit your evidence later.
For today, let's focus
on the project's impact.
Yes.
All right. It's impossible for us
to figure out which residents
agreed to their proposal,
so we should just skip
introducing the judge to the residents.
Hmm, let's go to the hackberry tree.
All right, all right.
Sir, please follow me.
We'll now take you to a place
where there's
a wonderful view of our town.
All right, it's this way, Your Honor.
[tense music playing]
I'm assuming that wasn't part of the plan?
Right. The residents used to have
a united front against the road work.
It, um, it was truly
a beautiful community.
Taesan's strategy has divided them all.
Using those consent forms, that was quite
a smart move from them, to be honest.
Yeah.
[Han-su] Your Honor,
we just need to go up this hill.
-We're almost there. I promise.
-[judge] All right.
-Oh!
-[gasps]
Oh, great.
Are you all right, Your Honor?
I decided to wear
my sneakers this morning,
to avoid this kind of accident.
Is that so? And are you rubbing that in?
[gasps]
I'm not at all.
Would you like to use my jacket, though?
It might just be a little small for you,
but just wear it on your shoulders--
No, thank you. I'm fine.
Watch out! Your Honor,
you really gotta watch out.
If I were you, I would slow down
because it's so slippery with this rain.
Atty. Woo.
Don't talk.
[tense music increases]
-[sighs]
-[Hyeon-u] Your Honor.
Here's a glass of sikhye, sir.
[plopping]
No, thank you. I'd much prefer
a hot tea in this mess.
Just… just one minute, all right?
Okay.
[clears throat]
[violin playing]
[judge] Plaintiffs, what are we supposed
to see here? Could you hurry up?
Uh, yes.
[string scratches]
Look, Your Honor.
On top of this hill,
you can see all of Sodeok-dong.
[Han-su] Look at what they're doing!
Happiness Road
would disfigure our whole town,
uprooting homes
and displacing our beloved residents.
-[wind blows]
-[all gasping]
[Hyeon-u] The cups! Get the cups!
[gasps, whimpers]
[exhales]
-[sighs]
-Oh!
[exhales]
If you want my honest opinion,
seeing Sodeok-dong in person
does not convince me
that I should approve your request
based on what you've shown me.
[judge] In addition, I now have doubts
on who the plaintiffs are.
In meeting with community,
is your Committee truly reflecting
the will of the people here?
Please, Your Honor.
This is not fair.
Our Committee really cares.
We work on behalf
of the Sodeok-dong residents.
We kept their wishes in mind.
[Hyeon-u] These awful encounters
you experienced today
were caused by these attorneys
who are playing tricks on us.
They're splitting us apart!
You will have an opportunity
to prove your claims.
[judge] Both of you,
plaintiffs and defendants.
You will provide written consent
from the residents in court.
This will help me determine
which side the community is on,
whether they side
with the Committee in opposition,
or if they prefer compensation.
If it is shown that the majority
support the construction
of Happiness Road as it's planned,
and the residents' wishes
aren't being upheld,
I would have no choice
but to dismiss the plaintiffs' claims
and side with the majority.
[tense music increases]
[Jun-beom] I don't know.
It's a bit too complicated now.
I'm not quite sure if this case
is worth covering as it stands.
But do keep me posted on how it turns out.
Definitely.
I'm sorry you drove all the way up here.
That's all right.
It's time for me to head back.
[pats]
[disappointed sigh]
[Myeong-seok] So what you're saying is
that those houses in blue right here
will most likely side with us?
[Han-su] That's right.
And those houses in red will most likely…
wants to get a, a… you know.
-Money?
-Actually, not just any money.
It's the… How do you call it?
-Compen--
-Compensation!
That's right!
The compensation will convince
these residents to move.
As expected, because the blue houses
are further away from the proposed route.
[Han-su] As opposed to the red ones
who think that their land
will be acquired regardless,
so they will accept the compensation,
even if it is a low one.
With them saying amounts will increase,
the offer is even more attractive.
Honestly, I don't get it anymore.
Heung-min and Jang-hoon were with us
and they changed
their minds overnight like that.
[exhales in disbelief]
I can't believe they signed.
Uh, there's still time
to convince the other residents.
-Don't worry about it too much.
-[door sliding]
I just printed out the consent forms.
-Ah, well done.
-[documents rustle]
Let's knock on doors, as many as we can.
[Min-woo] All right.
I think you should take a look outside.
[footsteps]
-Yeah, yeah, come on, come on, let's go!
-Let's take that house!
-Yeah, I'll go with you!
-Wait for me!
-Yes, you go that way.
-Yeah, you go over there
and I'll go over there.
Yeah, yeah, we'll get that house.
All right, come on, let's go do this!
The house over there,
let's see their home, come on!
We'll get these signatures.
-Hurry up! Hurry up!
-Here, here, let's get ready.
These Taesan interns have the jump on us.
Should we do the same
and bring on interns?
Yes, definitely. But for now,
we'll handle these ourselves.
All right? Go!
[frantic music playing]
[deep breath]
[clonking]
This is about money,
so let's make sure you get more, right?
Yeah! Just write down your address here.
[sighs]
Good afternoon!
I'm here from Hanbada,
and I'm an attorney.
-Excuse--
-Thanks a lot.
I'm sorry.
It's been a pleasure. Thanks again.
Excuse, uh, wait one minute, I--
[sighs]
[intern 2] Yeah, yeah, come on, let's go.
Hurry up! Yeah, I'll go with you.
[intern 3] You go over there,
and I'll go over there.
Come on, try this one.
You, take that house from the right!
-Hurry up, guys.
-No.
Am I the only one working?
Hurry up already! Go!
Hurry up! Hurry up! Let's go.
[panting]
[man] Who is it?
I'm from Taesan, sir--
I'm from Hanbada, sir!
But I'm a real attorney!
I'm not some cheap intern.
[lawyer 1] Hey, hey, hey.
What are you talking about?
-You're doing great. Keep going. That one!
-Sure.
I'm from Taesan. I'm also a real attorney.
Do you have a minute?
Go home.
Not on your life.
[seething]
-[Min-woo] Hello, sir.
-Hello, sir.
Here.
Which one's offering the compensation?
[lawyer 1] That would be me, sir.
[chuckles]
Taesan offers that.
I would be happy to explain.
Here's how it works.
[angry grunt]
[Min-woo] I mean, they must
have exaggerated the compensation offers
because every resident
I spoke to only asked about that.
I found it challenging
to even get to speak to the residents.
Well, we were outnumbered.
Taesan had people all over town.
What could we do?
And, uh, Jun-ho found us some help?
Yes, uh, he found a few interns, I think,
but it's going to take them
some time to come here.
At least we have my friends
from the Women's Association.
You guys need some signatures
no matter what it takes.
Uh, I wouldn't say
we need them no matter what.
[tense music playing]
Fine, go ahead.
[cheeky music playing]
[Teresa] So everyone
wrote down their names?
And under, it says "address."
So you write down your home address there.
[man 1] What is this exactly?
-Uh, this is…
-Quiet!
Be easy and trust me for once!
Would I make you sign it
if it wasn't good?
-Just tell me!
-Don't you trust me?
Listen.
Trust him. Trust this attorney.
You good now?
Uh, well, you don't have
to blindly trust us
in signing this document. Uh…
[suspenseful music playing]
Just trust us.
[laughs]
Now you can all trust us.
I know! You could sing a song.
[man 2] Show us how good
attorneys are at singing.
-Sing a song for us! Go on, sing!
-What?
[singing in Korean]
♪ If you can't sing, you can't defend ♪
-Uh, is Jun-ho still on his way?
-♪ Hateful person ♪
Let me give him a call.
[singing]
♪ If you can't sing, you can't defend ♪
♪ Hateful person ♪
-♪ Hateful person ♪
-[in English] Where are you going?
Uh, I'm going outside to find my purse.
I left it at the hackberry tree.
I mean, really, it looks like
we're gonna have to sing a song
-and you're leaving us?
-Just one song. Go ahead, sing for us.
-[Han-su] Give him a beat!
-One, two, three, four.
[in Korean]
♪ Blown away ♪
-♪ By the wind ♪
-♪ Was it an empty oath ♪
-♪ On the day of the first snow ♪
-♪ In front of Andong Station ♪
-♪ You promised we'll meet ♪
[in English] Your address.
-[in Korean] ♪ Snow falling ♪
-♪ Snow falling ♪
-♪ From early morning ♪
-♪ Covers up to my knees ♪
-[wind blows]
-[birds chirping]
[exhales]
Huh? Uh…
Huh?
[Su-mi in English]
Yes, we're all focusing on your case.
Don't worry. It'll work out.
Yes, I'll keep you posted.
You're Atty. Woo Young-woo, aren't you?
I am.
And the purse you have…
Ah!
[chuckles]
This one, this must be yours.
[Su-mi] It was left under the tree.
It was obviously an attorney's bag.
I was about to walk down the hill
and find the owner.
Thank you so much.
[gentle music playing]
I remember you. Atty. Woo.
I knew that name sounded familiar.
Why?
Kim Jeong-gu hired your firm for his case.
Didn't you write his opinion letter?
Against the Daehyeon Hotel
for his daughter's wedding.
A wedding dress
that slipped down, I recall.
Mm-hmm, yes.
And I really enjoyed your opinion letter.
Kim Jeong-gu came to me and said,
"Look, Taesan said it was certain to lose,
and Hanbada won this
in a blink of an eye."
He showed me your opinion letter.
You won by claiming
special damages, correct?
That idea was so unique
that I remembered you.
Well done, Atty. Woo.
Great.
Atty. Woo, tell me.
Is Hanbada everything you dreamed of?
Sorry?
Have you thought of Taesan?
You were all expecting to demonstrate
how charming and precious
this town is, weren't you?
[Su-mi] How much
Sodeok-dong's residents love their home.
The real reason you set up
the verification in the first place.
Uh…
Truthfully, Hanbada is,
how should I put it, kind of naive.
Since most people
will actually change their minds,
as soon as money is involved.
Listen. You and I
are still working on this case,
so let's leave it at that.
Once the trial is over,
please come see us at Taesan.
[Su-mi] Hanbada is a great law firm,
but trust me when I tell you
that Taesan is much better for you.
Let's win trials on the same team.
[gentle music playing]
TAESAN LAW FIRM
ATTORNEY TAE SU-MI
[wind blows]
[leaves rustling]
The people take
such great care of this tree,
the hackberry tree.
Isn't it just wonderful?
Mm, it really is.
[ominous music playing]
-What were you discussing with Atty. Tae?
-[gasps]
What?
Well, I saw you having a conversation
under the hackberry tree.
If I share with you what we talked about,
will you post that on the bulletin board?
What?
What are you talking about, Atty. Woo?
[gasps]
[grunts, yells]
What the heck is wrong with you?
Atty. Min-woo, don't ever do that again!
Otherwise, I'll just
slap you like that, okay?
And I'll hit you in the stomach as well.
I won't let you disrespect me.
Do you feel any shame?
I'll be honest. It doesn't matter
if I wrote it or if someone else did.
All said and done, it exposes
the truth about your father
being school chums with Hanbada's CEO.
That falls under employment fraud.
You're shameless, aren't you, Atty. Woo?
[dark music playing]
[sighs]
-[door opens]
-[wheels rolling]
Young-woo. You're coming back?
I'm just getting some clothes.
And I'll be on my way out.
Wait! Where will you live?
Well, I wanna move out of here.
Geu-ra-mi said I can stay
at her place until I find my own.
You don't need to worry. I'll be okay.
Young-woo, wait.
Hey. Wait! Wait! Young-woo!
-Hold on. Let me help.
-[Young-woo] Stop following me around.
[Gwang-ho] Young-woo, wait.
You can talk to me.
[Young-woo] I don't wanna talk.
How could you even make
such a big decision
without us even having
this conversation, huh?
Please move.
I'll work for a different law firm.
Hanbada is not a great fit
for me after all.
Why are you saying that?
What's going on? Where will you work?
Taesan will be a better law firm.
Tae Su-mi met with me.
She made me an offer to work with her.
[dramatic music playing]
But…
You can't accept it.
You can't.
Tae Su-mi is your mother!
[dramatic music playing]
What?
Tae Su-mi is…
She is your mother by birth.
She's your mom, Young-woo.
[rumbles]
-Young-woo.
-[thuds]
[Gwang-ho] No!
Young-woo!
Young-woo! Young-woo!
[uneasy music playing]
[moans]
Hmm?
Young-woo. You all right?
Are you awake?
[moans]
My whole body is hurting me a lot.
Oh, God.
The doctor said you had bruises all over.
Is it painful?
Let me ask them for painkillers.
I don't want…
I guess I'll be okay.
You didn't break anything. You're lucky.
You'll feel much better
once you get some rest.
[groans]
Oh, God, sweetie.
Young-woo.
I'm sorry.
I didn't tell you anything for so long.
Your mom passing away
as she was giving birth to you,
that was actually a lie.
I knew that was a lie.
-What?
-Grandma told me the whole story once.
She did?
Grandma and I were alone one night.
It was just her and me.
She got very drunk
and started shouting and cursing.
"Your mom is not dead."
[Young-woo]
"She abandoned you and ran away."
"She ruined my son's life and ran away."
Something like that.
[tongue clicks]
I understand.
[deep breath]
I must say.
Tae Su-mi and I…
we're living in different worlds
when we met long ago.
I'm the son of a down-on-his-luck farmer.
Tae Su-mi's dad,
he was Taesan Law Firm's founder.
[Gwang-ho] Her and I
met each other at university.
And for some reason, we liked each other.
Her and I had never really dated anyone.
Too immature to know the road ahead.
You were inside her womb.
And then…
Her pregnancy was a shock to her.
Tae Su-mi suddenly became cold overnight.
I suppose she preferred
to live a more luxurious life
than a man like me could offer.
Rather than getting engaged
and starting our life
as young parents, she…
[rain pouring]
[young Gwang-ho] Su-mi. Su-mi!
-Su-mi!
-Leave me alone!
Are you out of your mind?
You showing up at my house unannounced?
How else could I get to see you, huh,
when you're constantly running away?
Su-mi, just hear me out for a second.
We need to talk.
-Please.
-We don't have anything to talk about.
Hey, Su-mi. Hey!
-Su-mi, wait!
-Just stop!
[grunts]
[emotional music playing]
Are you okay?
This is all our fault.
What?
I wanna keep it.
You and I can't be parents
and you know it.
-It's not--
-[young Gwang-ho] I promise you.
I won't cause you any issues.
I swear to God.
Have the baby. I'll raise it.
And you'll never see me again.
I'll stop studying.
I'll cancel my plans.
I won't take the bar exam.
And you…
And you… You will never
ever see me again, all right?
[deep breath]
Su-mi, I'm begging you.
Su-mi, please.
[both weeping]
Please!
[Gwang-ho] Eventually,
Tae Su-mi agreed to give birth to you.
I think she led people to think
she went to study abroad
when actually she stayed inside her house
during her entire pregnancy.
And I was able to graduate
from college while I could.
And on the day you were born,
I got you as we had agreed to.
[vehicle approaching]
[woman] Mr. Woo Gwang-ho?
Yeah.
It's time now.
And this too.
It's a girl.
[coos]
Su-mi, uh…
Is she all right?
She's no longer your concern.
And there will no longer be
any contact with her.
-[heels clacking]
-[door opens]
[sighs]
[Gwang-ho] And ever since then,
I just kept my promise.
I didn't take the bar exam,
so that I wouldn't risk
running into Tae Su-mi.
I only took on jobs
that had nothing to do with the law.
And I raised you the best I could.
And now…
I wish I had done things differently.
So you… have regrets?
When I saw
you couldn't get hired anywhere,
my heart was full of regret.
[Gwang-ho] I think I was just
too idealistic back then.
As of sticking to the promise
that I gave to the girl that I once loved
was the way to be loyal and true.
The truth is it's not what's important.
But, Dad, you are loyal and true,
no matter what. And I--
[Gwang-ho] I should have found
a way to become an attorney.
So that when your applications
were rejected,
my law practice
could have hired and trained you.
In that way, I may have been able
to serve you better as a father.
A father with knowledge
to pass on to his daughter.
Young-woo.
[deep breath]
Experiences taught me lessons.
There is a political side
to everything in life.
Like, for instance…
when Seon-young visited with an offer
to hire you, that was political.
The same for your mother leaving you.
It wasn't because she hated you
or anything.
There were political forces at play
that prevented her
from marrying a guy like me.
She didn't know not everyone
chooses to live that way.
The fool that I was back then
clung to ideals, bound to a promise.
And now…
I see how it's a burden for you…
to have a dad that failed in life.
Ah!
[wind blows]
[squeaking]
Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree
could have the same issue!
What?
The first time I heard a road
was being constructed here was in 2016.
That's more than six years ago.
Uh, when was it? 2016.
We asked the provincial office
just in case.
[Han-su] But when they checked it out,
they said it's not enough to qualify.
[Han-su chuckles]
They said it doesn't count
as a national monument.
[pensive music playing]
Wait! Where's my phone, Dad?
I need to call Atty. Jung immediately.
But isn't it too late?
No. Dad, could you please step out?
You shouldn't be in the room
for what I'm about to say
because of attorney-client privilege.
[Young-woo] Where? Where is it? Where?
Uh, okay.
Come on, hurry.
[exhales]
Here's your phone. Okay, Young-woo?
Step out. Hurry up! Please, Dad.
[exhales]
All right.
ATTORNEY WOO YOUNG-WOO
[phone vibrates]
Yes? Hello?
Good evening, Atty. Jung, my father
thinks that everyone is business-driven.
As a matter of fact,
business circumstances
also impact every decision that is made.
[deep sigh]
Yeah, and so what?
Isn't this what's happening
to Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree?
They didn't approve to protect it.
Let alone declare it a national monument.
But why? It's gorgeous.
Does that have anything
to do with the case, Attorney?
If Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree
couldn't be declared a national monument
due to business circumstances,
then it does impact our case.
Sodeok-dong's residents
tried to protect the hackberry tree
through their local agency in 2016.
However, at that time,
Sodeok-dong was already
on the route of the highway project
even if it was still a secret.
And that professor we met
knew all about it.
[chiming music playing]
[Myeong-seok snoring]
Atty. Jung, are you there?
Are you sleeping or what?
[snorts]
[clears throat]
Yeah.
[deep breath]
Atty. Woo, listen.
Do you know what time it is?
[clock ticking]
[Young-woo] It's 3:10 in the morning.
And when it's 3:10 in the morning,
isn't everyone sleeping, hmm?
Including dogs, cows, and Myeong-seok too?
What?
We should see if there
are political circumstances around this.
That may explain
the decision about the tree.
But let's do it during the day
tomorrow, all right? Why do it now?
Uh…
Mm.
I'll see you at the office. Thanks.
-Uh…
-[call ends]
Mm.
[tranquil music playing]
[moans]
Ah!
[deep breath]
[Jun-ho] Atty. Woo, careful as you get up.
Ah!
Oh!
-[Jun-ho] It's just ahead.
-[Young-woo] Uh, all right.
Good morning! Good morning!
NEW BEGINNING, SOARING KIYOUNG
[Hyeon-u] For Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree
to be designated as a national monument,
we would need to talk
to Gyeonghae-do first.
The Gyeonghae-do Cultural Heritage
Committee reviews each proposal,
and if they think it has
a good chance to be approved,
they write a report
supporting it in front
of the state department.
Those are the necessary steps.
So you two went to talk to Gyeonghae-do
and made that request in 2016?
No! Yu-jin handled this for us.
Yu-jin started to work
at the Gyeonghae-do
local agency back then.
Yu-jin is the man, uh,
who played the violin before.
Mm-hmm. Sodeok-dong's Eugene Park.
Eugene Park. Okay.
But what is his real name?
Park Yu-jin.
What?
That's actually why he learned
to play the violin to begin with.
I'm not joking.
Eugene Park shared a name with our Yu-jin.
-[Han-su chuckles]
-Ah!
Park Yu-jin still works
at the office in Gyeonghae-do, right?
Of course!
I'm sure he's in his office now.
[Jun-ho] Great.
[Young-woo] We asked the State Department
if they had received any reports
concerning Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree.
Could the Cultural Heritage Committee
have decided not to write
any report at all?
Uh…
That was a while ago, you know.
I don't recall clearly what happened.
I think so?
Why though?
Was Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree
considered not enough
or too much something
to become a national monument?
-In my assessment?
-Huh? Not yours.
The opinion of the
Cultural Heritage Committee.
Ah! The Heritage Committee's assessment.
[awkward chuckle]
I understand now.
[Yu-jin sucks teeth]
Let me think. How did that go?
You must have kept records of that meeting
about the hackberry tree in your files.
The town mayor informed us
about the experts who were invited here
that they came to see the tree in person.
I'm sure you have minutes
of these meetings or reports.
Can we please see those?
Uh…
I can go and get them?
Well, could you two wait for me
while I go look
for these documents real quick?
[Jun-ho] All right.
[romantic music playing]
That night, did you get home safely?
That night?
Yeah.
After you and I
were in Atty. Jung's office.
[heart thumping]
[gasps]
[sharp exhale]
[door closes]
[Jun-ho] You ran out so suddenly.
That night…
the beating inside my heart
was extremely fast.
And you know,
I didn't even actually touch you.
But still, I could feel
my heart beating fast.
So I figure…
the reason why is
because I like you a lot.
[romantic music playing]
Atty. Woo.
You should know that…
Do you think…
this man's trying to run away?
-Sorry?
-Park Yu-jin, he's, uh…
-trying to run away.
-[footsteps]
What?
Wait, wait, wait.
-Wait, wait! Hey!
-Oh!
[Jun-ho] Park Yu-jin.
Park Yu-jin.
Hey, Park Yu-jin, wait!
Wait for us!
Park! Park Yu-jin.
Hey, Park Yu-jin.
Park, where are you going?
Park Yu-jin!
Where are you going?
Stop, Park Yu-jin!
[Young-woo] Mr. Park Yu-jin!
Where are you going?
-[grunts]
-[button clicks]
Seriously?
[deep exhale]
[grunts]
[elevator dings]
[gasps]
[deep exhale]
[elevator dings]
-[doors slide open]
-Ah!
-Oh!
-Come on, quick!
Are you okay, sir?
[Young-woo] We're so sorry!
[tires screech]
GYEONGHAE-DO, LAND OF LIFE AND HOPE
Park Yu-jin, are you all right?
Hey, stop! Back off!
Hey, just tell me what's going on!
-Leave me alone!
-Why are you running away, Park Yu-jin?
Hey! Please tell me
what this is all about!
Stop chasing me! What's wrong with you?
Why are you running away? What's going on?
[Jun-ho] Park Yu-jin,
hang on a second, please!
-Stop running away! Stop!
-What? Is he a criminal?
-Move! Move! Out! Come on! Out of my way!
-[thwacks]
[groans]
[thuds]
[man grunting]
[Yu-jin] Hey, relax, man!
I also work here at the agency! Ah!
[sweeper] You work at the agency?
Then why were you running?
[groans]
That's what I'd like to know.
I don't understand what's going on.
Why were you trying to run away?
I was uncomfortable.
I was uncomfortable. All right?
Why?
Huh?
That's when I was stopped by my friend.
He called me an idiot.
[Yu-jin] He was talking
about Sodeok-dong station,
that it would be added to line ten,
and about the Happiness Road plans,
and a request to have a national monument
could ruin it all.
If the national monument request
ended up being approved,
there would be no road
and no subway station.
How did you actually handle that?
Well…
I asked some of my friends
who work with me at the agency
to pretend to be
from the Cultural Heritage Committee,
so we planned a visit
to the hackberry tree
with Sodeok-dong's mayor.
Our report…
said the tree didn't meet
the criteria for a national monument.
So correct me if I'm wrong,
but you never reached out
to the Cultural Heritage Committee?
Right.
Looking back now,
the proposed subway station
and Happiness Road
are terrible for our town.
But back then, I really believed
that these projects would work
to revitalize our town
and raise the price of land.
That's why I…
Can I ask where you got
such a nice umbrella?
This one?
[Young-woo] Yes! I love this umbrella.
It has an Indo-Pacific dolphin on it.
That's the Kyungpo Construction logo.
I got this umbrella for free.
I toured a model home
and they gave me this.
[funky music playing]
[judge] Were you able to get
consent forms from all the residents?
-What are the results?
-[Myeong-seok] Uh, Your Honor--
Sodeok-dong has a population
of 4,200. That's 2,600 households.
We handed one consent form per household
and 1,550 of them
have approved the plan, as it stands,
so we are beyond 50 percent.
[judge inhales]
Do you agree
with the defendant's attorney?
-Yes, but actually that's only a tool--
-Therefore, as I told you
when we were at Sodeok-dong,
our civil court has no other choice
but to side with the majority.
-We will now proceed to adjourn.
-[Myeong-seok] Your Honor!
We'd like to submit a motion
to recuse the judge.
And until this recusal
is approved, we kindly ask that…
the court delay rendering its judgment.
[judge] What?
Are you trying to buy time
now that your claims are dismissed?
I'm curious about your recusal motion.
On what grounds?
Uh, remember that it was raining
on the day you visited Sodeok-dong?
You were using an umbrella.
So what?
[sneaky music playing]
[rustles]
[Young-woo] And the umbrella
you were holding that day
had a dolphin printed on it.
One may think that this
is a bottlenose dolphin,
but it's slightly a different one.
Its body is thinner
and quite longer too, isn't it?
-And that is typical of Indo-Pacific--
-Attorney, what are you talking about?
Bottlenose dolphin.
-That's right, Your Honor, that dolphin--
-It's bottlenose.
Well, that bottlenose dolphin
is the Kyungpo Construction logo.
In this picture, you are holding
the umbrella that Kyungpo gives out
as a gift to anyone touring
their model apartment,
at the Kyungpo Ocean Park
complex they're building,
as part of the planned City of Hamun.
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
[judge] Just a moment, Attorney.
You are claiming that I went
to the planned City of Hamun
and toured one of the model apartments?
That's ridiculous. It was raining.
And I just needed an umbrella.
And I get that, but…
But you may also like
the newly-developed town of Hamun
and wish to buy an apartment there
while it's still under construction.
[Myeong-seok] This raises
legitimate concerns of an unfair trial.
Hence, our motion for recusal.
Since most people will actually change
their minds as soon as money is involved.
[victorious music playing]
[shushes]
[sighs]
[HR head] This is very unusual for you
to make a personal recommendation,
especially when it comes
to young attorneys.
I'm very curious
to find out more about her.
I'm sure you'll be impressed as well
when you meet her.
She comes across almost innocent.
Yet she's kind of a genius.
To tell the truth,
she has one-upped me
on more than one occasion.
[sucks teeth]
I never had a new attorney
do that to me. It was surprising.
[chuckles]
Oh, really?
Hello, Atty. Woo.
[Su-mi] Good to see you again.
It's even better to see you
in our building.
This is the head of HR.
[chuckles]
I've heard a lot about you.
Mm…
Tae Su-mi, I think we should have
this conversation privately,
if that's all right.
Sorry?
I need to go?
[awkward chuckle]
Why?
I… I had planned to leave
and allow you two to get acquainted.
I am about to tell you
things that I think…
only you alone should be hearing,
if you don't mind.
[gasps]
I'm so curious.
[Su-mi] I'll circle back with you later.
Yes, if you'll excuse me.
Sit. Right here.
[Su-mi] Have a seat.
Is there something
you would like to share?
Do you…
recognize the person you're looking at?
What?
I am…
Woo Gwang-ho's only daughter.
[uneasy music playing]
Do you recognize
the person you're looking at?
[gasps]
[emotional music playing]
I was ready to resign
from my position at Hanbada.
Taesan was really appealing to me,
in case I got offered a job there.
[Young-woo] But I recently found out
you're related to me
since you are my birth mother.
Taesan is not a good option
for me for this reason.
I wanna be a full-on adult,
so I was ready to leave
my current position at Hanbada
and be independent from my dad.
But there's no point in leaving my dad…
in order to join a law firm
where the CEO is my mother.
Especially…
if she is my birth mother
and abandoned me.
[cries]
And doesn't recognize her daughter
when she's facing her.
Even while she's listening to her.
Thank you so much for offering me
to join Taesan Law Firm.
I chose Hanbada
and I'll stay there to work.
I'll also stay and live with my dad.
[emotional music continues]
[phone vibrates]
Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree
is going to be designated
as a national monument.
Whether we have a new court or not,
Gyeonghae-do's project,
Happiness Road's route,
will have to be modified
to protect the tree.
Sodeok-dong's residents deserve this.
This is great news for their town.
Well, uh…
have you hated me?
At Sodeok-dong's hackberry tree,
at some point, we both looked at it and…
that was a nice moment.
[emotional music playing]
I've always wanted
to meet you at least once.
I got to meet you and I'm glad.
[cries]
[percussion instruments playing]
[Jun-beom] The hackberry tree located
in Sodeok-dong in Kiyoung Province
has just been designated
as a national monument.
The Cultural Heritage Administration
determined that this tree
has met the historical, functional,
and community requirements.
You can come visit the tree yourself.
Its beauty and value is clear to see.
This monument is quite amazing.
Sodeok-dong's residents
had been torn apart
by a legal battle over the past few months
regarding the route
of Gyeonghae-do's Happiness Road.
The proposed route would not only go
through the middle of the town,
but also the tree.
We'll find out soon
whether the court and Gyeonghae-do
will listen and honor the will
of Sodeok-dong's residents
now that their hackberry tree
is a national monument.
[peaceful music playing]
[Young-woo] "Bang Gu-ppong."
Is Bang Gu-ppong your real name?
[Jun-ho] He took the 12 elementary
students to a mountain nearby.
What did he do there with all those kids?
[Jun-ho] They just played.
What do you mean
you're the Commander-in-Chief
of a Children's Liberation Army?
Well, it's my job.
[Geu-ra-mi] He grabbed an eyelash!
He's head over heels for you! Am I right?
[Jun-ho] You're bringing up
Mr. Bang a lot today.
It must be nice for the guy.
[Young-woo] Children understand.
The only people who do not
understand you, Mr. Bang, are adults.